Update migration guide (#401)
etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows: login-workflow/docs/existing-project-migration.md

# Update React Auth Workflow Package

Update @brightlayer-ui/react-auth-workflow package to latest version.
```shell
npm install --save @brightlayer-ui/react-auth-workflow
// or
yarn upgrade @brightlayer-ui/react-auth-workflow
```

## Remove @brightlayer-ui/react-auth-shared package

> In latest version we have removed @brightlayer-ui/react-auth-shared.

Author: https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/screens/ExampleHome.tsx#L4 while migrating our example app this was breaking.

## Update AuthUIActions

Since we have removed `@brightlayer-ui/react-auth-shared` package `SecurityContextActions` are not supported by latest workflow. Instead of this you need to manage your app's state by app context. 

> For e.g You can replace SecurityContextActions with `AppContextType` which you can declare in AppContextProvider. You can check [here](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/dev/login-workflow/example/src/contexts/AppContextProvider.tsx) for detailed implementation.

Reviewer: For e.g ---- For e.g., you can

> For e.g You can replace SecurityContextActions with `AppContextType` which you can declare in AppContextProvider. You can check [here](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/dev/login-workflow/example/src/contexts/AppContextProvider.tsx) for detailed implementation.

Reviewer: The link should point to master branch, instead of dev (for now, it will be broken)

> In previous package `onUserAuthenticated`, `onUserNotAuthenticated` were managed by `@brightlayer-ui/react-auth-shared` but in latest you need to manage through app state. For more details you can check Example app's [AuthUIActions Implementation](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/dev/login-workflow/example/src/actions/AuthUIActions.tsx)

Reviewer: Same comment about master branch

> In previous package `onUserAuthenticated`, `onUserNotAuthenticated` were managed by `@brightlayer-ui/react-auth-shared` but in latest you need to manage through app state. For more details you can check Example app's [AuthUIActions Implementation](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/actions/AuthUIActions.tsx)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In previous versions of this package, the `onUserAuthenticated` and `onUserNotAuthenticated` values were managed for you, but in the latest version, you need to manage this state on your own. For more details, you can check the example app's [AuthUIActions Implementation](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/actions/AuthUIActions.tsx).
```

## Update RegistrationUIActions

Update type name `AccountDetailInformation` to `AccountDetails`.

> // before
> ```tsx
> import { RegistrationUIActions, AccountDetailInformation } from '@brightlayer-ui/react-auth-workflow';
> ```
> 
> // after

Reviewer 2: For the before and after. Instead of using javascript comment syntax, you can just make them bold with markdown for nicer formatting. Do this everywhere before and after are used this way
```suggestion
**before:**
```tsx
import { RegistrationUIActions, AccountDetailInformation } from '@brightlayer-ui/react-auth-workflow';
```

**after:**
```

    await sleep(1000);

    if (isRandomFailure()) {
        throw new Error('Sorry, there was a problem sending your request.');
    }

    if (!language.includes('en')) {
        return 'Other language EULA';
    }

    return SAMPLE_EULA;
},
```

// after
```tsx
loadEula: async (language: string): Promise<string> => {
    await sleep(1000);

    if (isRandomFailure()) {
        throw new Error('Sorry, there was a problem sending your request.');
    }

    if (!language.includes('en')) {
        return 'Other language EULA';
    }

    return SAMPLE_EULA;
}
```

#### Update completeRegistration Action

// Before
```tsx
completeRegistration: async (
    userData: {
        password: string;
        accountDetails: AccountDetailInformation;
    },
    validationCode: string,
    validationEmail?: string
): Promise<{ email: string; organizationName: string }> => {
    const email = 'example@email.com';
    const organizationName = 'Acme Co.';
    const userInfo = { email, organizationName };

    await sleep(1000);
    if (isRandomFailure()) {
        throw new Error('Sorry, there was a problem sending your request.');
    }
    return userInfo;
},

> ```

Reviewer 2: It's a little difficult to see the difference here at a quick glance. Can you add more information on what the change is before showing the code example.

// After
```tsx
completeRegistration: async (
    userData: any,
    validationCode: string | number,
    validationEmail?: string
): Promise<{ email: string; organizationName: string }> => {
    const email = 'example@email.com';
    const organizationName = 'Acme Co.';
    const userInfo = { email, organizationName };

    await sleep(1000);
    if (isRandomFailure()) {
        throw new Error('Sorry, there was a problem sending your request.');
    }
    return userInfo;
},
```

#### Add new actions

We have added few more actions in registraionUIActions such as `acceptEula`, `requestRegistrationCode`, `createPassword`, and `setAccountDetails`.

> For more details you can check implementation of Example app's [registraionUIActions](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/dev/login-workflow/example/src/actions/RegistrationUIActions.tsx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details you can check implementation of Example app's [RegistraionUIActions Implementation](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/dev/login-workflow/example/src/actions/RegistrationUIActions.tsx).
```

> We have added few more actions in registraionUIActions such as `acceptEula`, `requestRegistrationCode`, `createPassword`, and `setAccountDetails`.
> For more details you can check implementation of Example app's [RegistraionUIActions Implementation](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/actions/RegistrationUIActions.tsx).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have added a few more actions in registraionUIActions such as `acceptEula`, `requestRegistrationCode`, `createPassword`, and `setAccountDetails`.
For more details, you can check the example app's [RegistraionUIActions Implementation](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/actions/RegistrationUIActions.tsx).
```

> ### Update you App.tsx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Update your App.tsx
```

Reviewer 2: I want more handholding here. I'm currently trying to migrate an old project and am getting hung up here. I could surely compare and contract the example project on my own, but it may be a good idea to link out to appropriate files. I would also mention the removal of the AuthUIContextProvider first.

Author: Hi @daileytj , I have updated steps. Please review

In latest workflow package `SecurityContextProvider`, `useSecurityActions` are not availble instead of this you need to use app context. 

> #### Update AuthUIContextProvider

Reviewer: We have removed AuthUIContextProvider, currently we have AuthContextProvider and RegistrationContextProvider

> In latest workflow package `SecurityContextProvider`, `useSecurityActions` are not availble instead of this you need to use app context manage app state. Also we have removed `AuthNavigationContainer`

Reviewer 2: Here's some grammar and spelling fixes. This may need other changes as well. I need to do some research first and then I'll circle back for more on this.

```suggestion
In the latest workflow package the `SecurityContextProvider` and `useSecurityActions` are not available. Instead of these, you need to use some other means of managing the app state. We have also removed `AuthNavigationContainer`.
```

> #### Update AuthContextProvider
> In earlier package we were passing `registrationActions` prop to `AuthUIContextProvider`. In latest package we have removed `AuthUIContextProvider` and divided our context provider into  `AuthUIContextProvider` and `RegistrationContextProvider`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Update AuthContextProvider
In previous versions of this package, we were passing a `registrationActions` prop to `AuthUIContextProvider`. In the latest package, we have removed `AuthUIContextProvider` and divided our context provider into  `AuthUIContextProvider` and `RegistrationContextProvider`.
```

> #### Router Setup
> In latest workflow you need to setup your own routing. For detail information please follow [Routing Guide](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/tree/master/login-workflow/docs/Routing.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Router Setup
In the latest workflow, you need to set up your own routing. For detailed information please follow our [Routing Guide](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/tree/master/login-workflow/docs/Routing.md)
```

> #### i18n Setup
> In latest workflow you need to setup i18n for your app. For detail information you can check Example app's [i18n Setup](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/translations/i18n.ts). For rendering translations in the app, you need to wrap your app with <I18nextProvider/> similar to [Example App](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/App.tsx).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### i18n Setup
In the latest workflow, you need to set up i18n for your app. For detailed information you can check the example app's [i18n Setup](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/translations/i18n.ts). For rendering translations in the app, you need to wrap your app with an  <I18nextProvider/> similar to the [Example App](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/example/src/App.tsx).
```
